a young boy alex from brooklyn has this
gift of writing scary stories but for
some reason he doesn't seem to be happy
about it he trashes his room and grabs
his night books the books he wrote and
sneaks out of his apartment while his
parents are talking he takes the
elevator down intending to burn them but
before he reaches the furnace room he
passes an apartment with an open door
that bewitches him into getting inside
the door closes behind him as he enters
the apartment
he awakes to find himself in a magical
apartment which belongs to a witch named
natasha she scares him with her magic
and shows him that she lures children
into this apartment but only those who
are useful to her are kept alive
alex doesn't want to die so he said to
the witch that he's good at writing
scary stories
what are you doing with these so late at
night that's exactly what natasha was
looking for she demands he write the
stories and read them to her every night
or he'll be done for there was another
girl in the apartment yasmine she was
also lured into the apartment way back
alex learns from her that it is
impossible to escape from the apartment
and the back door which only responds to
natasha's magical keys
yasmine shows alex the witch's enormous
library telling him that natasha has
heard every scary story in it and that
is why he has been tasked to write new
ones every day
there is this invisible cat named lenore
who spies on yasmin and alex and tells
natasha everything purposely making me
wait each night alex read her the
stories but natasha wanted him to get
there details right and she gets angry
if the story has a happy ending are you
out of your mind she also insisted on
hearing his story of why he intended to
burn his night books but alex manages to
distract her each time while reading
through the library's collection for
inspiration he notices the notes that
are written in the margins of various
books details of an escaped plan written
by a girl who was trapped there before
yasmin and alex became friends and they
eventually went over lenore's trust as
well
yasmine tearfully reveals to him that
she had other friends there who were
killed by the witch transforming them
into figurines kept in the cabinet alex
realizes that each of the figurines
still has their personal things such as
watches and earrings they had in real
life and deduces since none have a
unicorn necklace the unicorn girl who
wrote her escape plan on those books
must have successfully managed to escape
alex and jasmine search through unicorn
girls notes and discover a recipe for a
sleeping potion she used on the witch
for her escape both of them make the
potion but when alex adds it to the
lemonade it turns green and their
attempt failed
lenore was watching all of it and takes
the potion slips it into natasha's
perfume bottle without her noticing
which she habitually douses and falls
asleep
they steal her keys and the door opens
they flee but soon realize the woods are
just another area contained within the
apartment lost they eventually find a
cottage made of candy only to be caught
by natasha in the cottage's basement
natasha reveals she is the unicorn girl
she was lured into the apartment by the
original witch but she escaped only to
find her parents had moved away with
nowhere to return except the witch's
home she returned and manages to subdue
the witch using her obsession with scary
stories to lull her to sleep
the scary stories alex reads her each
night were actually meant for the real
witch to remain asleep natasha demands
alex tell her the story of why he
intended to burn his night books when
the original witch was starting to awake
alex starts his story which puts the
witch back to sleep on his birthday his
best friend josh refuses to go to his
birthday party saying he was embarrassed
to be seen with him because he was
obsessed with scary stories alex felt so
ashamed and hurt and so he decided to
burn his stories but alex ends the story
by defiantly saying he was glad he was
kidnapped because he was able to meet
yasmin and lenore friends who value what
makes him special the sleeping witch is
awoken disturbed by this happy ending
and overpowers natasha she drops the
perfume bottle jasmine grabs it and they
flees using natasha's magic yasmin opens
the front door allowing them to exit
alex's apartment the witch follows them
as they flee to the furnace room
planning on eating them
alex manages to distract her with a
scary story he invents but before he can
finish he throws his night book into the
open furnace the witch dives in after it
to know how the story ends while alex
and yasmin push her inside the furnace
killing her
they return to his worried parents and
he introduces yasmin and lenore as his
best friends yasmine is reunited with
her parents and they continued to be
friends
[Music]